admin/index-tic2002.md, before:

<frontmatter>
title: "Admin Info"
footer: footer.md
head: adminHead.md
</frontmatter>


<include src="../common/header.md" />

<div class="website-content">

# **TIC2002 Admin Info**

{{ dotted_line }}

# Module overview
<div class="indented">

<img src="{{baseUrl}}/images/growingPlant.png" width="700">

_TIC2002 Introduction to Software Engineering_ contains roughly a **50-50 balance of theory and practice** of SE. It covers the knowledge/skills necessary to do small software projects, and as such, it is **a first step towards preparing you to work in bigger SE projects**, which will be done in later modules.
</div>

{{ dotted_line }}

# Using this module website

<div class="indented">
<include src="usingThisWebsite.md#main" />
</div>

{{ dotted_line }}

# Instructors
<div class="indented">

<div class="container">
  <div class="row">
    <div class="col-3">

![Damith]({{ baseUrl }}/admin/images/damith.png)
    </div>
    <div class="col">

**Damith Chatura RAJAPAKSE**<br>
Associate Professor, NUS School of Computing<br>
PhD, Software Engineering, NUS, 2002-2006<br>
BSc, Computer Science & Engineering, University of Moratuwa, 1996-2001<br>
%%{{ fas_envelope }}%% `damith`[at]`comp`[dot]`nus`[dot]`edu`[dot]`sg`<br>
%%{{ fas_map_marker_alt }}%% COM2-02-57<br>
%%{{ fas_phone_square }}%% 651 64359<br>
%%{{ fas_home }}%% https://www.comp.nus.edu.sg/~damithch
    </div>
  </div>
</div>

</div>

{{ dotted_line }}

# Lectures
<div class="indented">

%%{{ far_clock }}%% Tuesdays 7.30-9.30pm<br>
%%{{ fas_map_marker_alt }}%% SR10 (COM1-0210)<br>

{{ far_frown }} **Lectures will not be webcast** as the venue does not have a webcast facility.

**Lecture handouts will be uploaded to IVLE _before_ the lecture**, usually by midnight of the Sunday before the lecture.

**Lecture slides are not suitable to be used as reference materials** as they have been <tooltip content="i.e., heavy use of graphics and animations">optimized for lecture delivery</tooltip> instead. Slides will be uploaded to IVLE _after_ the lecture, usually by Wednesday.

<box>

 :bulb: If handouts/slides are not in IVLE by the expected times, please feel free to ping the lecturer.
</box>

</div>

{{ dotted_line }}

# Tutorials
<div class="indented">

%%{{ far_clock }}%% Tuesdays 6.30-7.30pm<br>
%%{{ fas_map_marker_alt }}%% SR10 (COM1-0210)<br>
</div>

{{ dotted_line }}

# Textbook
<div class="indented">

<include src="textbooks.md#main" />

</div>

{{ dotted_line }}

# Programming language
<div class="indented">

This module uses Java. It assumes you are familiar with C++ basics and provides lessons to help you transition from C++ to Java.

</div>

{{ dotted_line }}

# Module project
<div class="indented">

The project has 2 parts:
* Part I : Enhance a 1 KLoC code base
* Part II : Enhance a 2 KLoC code base

## Project: part I

Requirements: Take the code from [Addressbook-level1]({{module_org}}/addressbook-level1) and enhance it in some way.

To be done individually but you are encouraged to work in pairs or threes and help each other.

More details coming soon.

## Project: part II

Requirements: Take the code from [Addressbook-level2]({{module_org}}/addressbook-level2) and enhance it in some way.

Can be done individually or in a team of two/threes.

More details coming soon.

</div>

{{ dotted_line }}

# Tools used
<div class="indented">

* **Git** [Required] : For revision control
* **GitHub** [Required] : For project hosting
* **Intellij IDEA** [Recommended] : The IDE used for programming

</div>

{{ dotted_line }}

# Assessment
<div class="indented">

* 60% : Project
* 40% : Final Exam

</div>

{{ dotted_line }}

# Exam
<div class="indented">

<include src="exams.md#main" />

</div>


</div>

Commit message:

admin/index/lectures: ask to bring laptops

admin/index-tic2002.md, after:

<frontmatter>
title: "Admin Info"
footer: footer.md
head: adminHead.md
</frontmatter>


<include src="../common/header.md" />

<div class="website-content">

# **TIC2002 Admin Info**

{{ dotted_line }}

# Module overview
<div class="indented">

<img src="{{baseUrl}}/images/growingPlant.png" width="700">

_TIC2002 Introduction to Software Engineering_ contains roughly a **50-50 balance of theory and practice** of SE. It covers the knowledge/skills necessary to do small software projects, and as such, it is **a first step towards preparing you to work in bigger SE projects**, which will be done in later modules.
</div>

{{ dotted_line }}

# Using this module website

<div class="indented">
<include src="usingThisWebsite.md#main" />
</div>

{{ dotted_line }}

# Instructors
<div class="indented">

<div class="container">
  <div class="row">
    <div class="col-3">

![Damith]({{ baseUrl }}/admin/images/damith.png)
    </div>
    <div class="col">

**Damith Chatura RAJAPAKSE**<br>
Associate Professor, NUS School of Computing<br>
PhD, Software Engineering, NUS, 2002-2006<br>
BSc, Computer Science & Engineering, University of Moratuwa, 1996-2001<br>
%%{{ fas_envelope }}%% `damith`[at]`comp`[dot]`nus`[dot]`edu`[dot]`sg`<br>
%%{{ fas_map_marker_alt }}%% COM2-02-57<br>
%%{{ fas_phone_square }}%% 651 64359<br>
%%{{ fas_home }}%% https://www.comp.nus.edu.sg/~damithch
    </div>
  </div>
</div>

</div>

{{ dotted_line }}

# Lectures
<div class="indented">

%%{{ far_clock }}%% Tuesdays 7.30-9.30pm<br>
%%{{ fas_map_marker_alt }}%% SR10 (COM1-0210)<br>

{{ far_frown }} **Lectures will not be webcast** as the venue does not have a webcast facility. ==Please bring your laptop to the lecture== as you will need to be using it for the most part of the lecture.

**Lecture handouts will be uploaded to IVLE _before_ the lecture**, usually by midnight of the Sunday before the lecture.

**Lecture slides are not suitable to be used as reference materials** as they have been <tooltip content="i.e., heavy use of graphics and animations">optimized for lecture delivery</tooltip> instead. Slides will be uploaded to IVLE _after_ the lecture, usually by Wednesday.

<box>

 :bulb: If handouts/slides are not in IVLE by the expected times, please feel free to ping the lecturer.
</box>

</div>

{{ dotted_line }}

# Tutorials
<div class="indented">

%%{{ far_clock }}%% Tuesdays 6.30-7.30pm<br>
%%{{ fas_map_marker_alt }}%% SR10 (COM1-0210)<br>
</div>

{{ dotted_line }}

# Textbook
<div class="indented">

<include src="textbooks.md#main" />

</div>

{{ dotted_line }}

# Programming language
<div class="indented">

This module uses Java. It assumes you are familiar with C++ basics and provides lessons to help you transition from C++ to Java.

</div>

{{ dotted_line }}

# Module project
<div class="indented">

The project has 2 parts:
* Part I : Enhance a 1 KLoC code base
* Part II : Enhance a 2 KLoC code base

## Project: part I

Requirements: Take the code from [Addressbook-level1]({{module_org}}/addressbook-level1) and enhance it in some way.

To be done individually but you are encouraged to work in pairs or threes and help each other.

More details coming soon.

## Project: part II

Requirements: Take the code from [Addressbook-level2]({{module_org}}/addressbook-level2) and enhance it in some way.

Can be done individually or in a team of two/threes.

More details coming soon.

</div>

{{ dotted_line }}

# Tools used
<div class="indented">

* **Git** [Required] : For revision control
* **GitHub** [Required] : For project hosting
* **Intellij IDEA** [Recommended] : The IDE used for programming

</div>

{{ dotted_line }}

# Assessment
<div class="indented">

* 60% : Project
* 40% : Final Exam

</div>

{{ dotted_line }}

# Exam
<div class="indented">

<include src="exams.md#main" />

</div>


</div>
